The content of this module is largely
concerned with the edge and fog layers
of Internet of Things technology stack
that comprises of local area private
networks being exposed to the public.
This includes all connected field devices,
gateways, local network switching,
and local processing.
These layers pose significant challenges
to ambitious efforts in integrating
Internet of Things technologies.
Here is an organization chart
of a digital platform business
exploring Internet of Things.
In this chart, specialist teams focus on
specific layers of Internet of Things stack.
The folk and edgeley's are often the
domain of the network operations security
operations in estate management teams.
These teams will often be managing
a complex and heterogeneous range
of suppliers who are influenced
by a multitude of organizations.
Supply chain Management is an important
consideration within this domain.